README.md, before:

# vba_challenge
Module 2 Challenge
# VBA Challenge


## Overview of Project
### Analyzing two separate listings of stocks from 2017 and 2018 to calcuulate the total volume and return percentage. The code was refactored to loop through all of the tickers in the listing. 

## Results
The refactor code will update my workbook with data from 2017 and 2018 in 0.0703125 seconds. Below are screenshots for running each year. 

![VBA Challenge 2017](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2017.png)

![VBA Challenge 2018](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2018.png) 

When comparing return percentges for 2017 abd 2018, all of the stocks were significantly more profitable in 2017. Only one stock had a negative return in 2017 and four stocks had over a 100% return. In 2018, only the tickers of ENPH and Run did not have a negative return. Below are tables for both years. 

![VBA Challenge 2017 Table](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2017_Table.png)

![VBA Challenge 2018 Table] 


## Summary
### What are the advantages or disadvantages of refactoring code?


### What are the advantages or disadvantages of refactoring code?

Commit message:

Saving with results updated
Saving with results updated

README.md, after:

# vba_challenge
Module 2 Challenge
# VBA Challenge


## Overview of Project
### Analyzing two separate listings of stocks from 2017 and 2018 to calcuulate the total volume and return percentage. The code was refactored to loop through all of the tickers in the listing. 

## Results
### Timer Results for 2017 and 2018
The refactor code will update my workbook with data from 2017 and 2018 in 0.0703125 seconds. Below are screenshots for running each year. 

![VBA Challenge 2017](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2017.png)

![VBA Challenge 2018](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2018.png) 

### Return Percentage for 2017 and 2018
When comparing return percentges for 2017 abd 2018, all of the stocks were significantly more profitable in 2017. Only one stock had a negative return in 2017 and four stocks had over a 100% return. In 2018, only the tickers of ENPH and Run did not have a negative return. Below are tables for both years. 

![VBA Challenge 2017 Table](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2017_Table.png)

![VBA Challenge 2018 Table](https://github.com/codfjenn/vba_challenge/blob/main/VBA_Challenge_2018_Table.png) 


## Summary
### What are the advantages or disadvantages of refactoring code?
The purpose of refactoring code is to take an existing source code and identify more efficient way to run that code. Below are some advantages of refactoring code: 

- The initial code can often be written with more parameters than are needed. Refactoring gives you an opportunity to simplify code. 
- A deeper understanding of the code should occur based on the refactoring. As you are questioning parameters, you will spend additional time reviewing the language and code used. 
- The output from the refactored code should be just a simplified version of the initial code that should be easier to maintain.

Some disadvantages to refactored code are: 
- Refactoring code takes time. If you have a short deadline, refactoring code could may put the deadline at risk. 


### How do these pros and cons apply to refactoring the original VBA script?
